Because it is slippery today
I'm well used ceiling case that I tea Number
Even though the case of tea is I spring ceiling at once taste low
Well by shifting the 45-degree'm kind of denial to say that it has good arrangement and at that time, which was waiting for this
Te is
here but it is also a run
You'llcome painters called Pete Mondrian to the still geometry to its corresponding measures
There is a picture called that position based on the pattern, but it is a motif
I heard that I did
I'm a boo but
Well that 1/3 and 2/3
I think it is divided
50,000 So what it does not have divided
It becomes like this if article 1/3 left 3 parts are good even if the opposite goes down
I do a thing to say
This is yeah
I'm going to close it and say it to open it
Heart change Surui I
So now Well in this kind of place
I thought I was looking at playful role wonderful role
Kiichiro-san actually put a carpet here, despite his room, and his desk here
The chair was used and the study was using
It is and I think Fu Tteyuu but Do I wonder Well was watching now check species from here say
I will
Some people have gone, but this is probably the problem I've designed this way nowadays
Would please reluctance of do I But whether not it a little waist too low
In fact there is this as it is, but there is a relationship that is also a point
Anything here has a chance to get over the body
There are also times when you put out and close through the shutters
Beneath some people that wonder if if a little this safety
This is that poem collection of Mr. Terminal who follows Kiichiro-san
As there I myself Masun
Then this is
That honorary chairman beauty
Yuko's
Recommended by
Measured and done at work castle
I so Yaro This
car
me
Have